{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Mono{\*\falt Courier New};}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red51\green51\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe3081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f4\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe3081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe3081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf1\i\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe3081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe3081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\sb0\sa0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe3081\dbch\af6\afs24\loch\f5\fs20\lang1033 Preformatted Text;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.3.1.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/30m0$Build-2}{\info{\creatim\yr2017\mo3\dy1\hr12\min44}{\revtim\yr2017\mo3\dy31\hr14\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto0\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
To the Editor,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We thank you and are very grateful for your efforts to advance the review process. Thank you also for your personal review of our revisions, and we are thrilled that MBE will accept our manuscript.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
For each specific comment from the reviewer (in blue text), we give our response below (in black text). }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
In addition we have uploaded a file \u8220\'93starbeast2-diff.pdf\u8221\'94 showing all changes to the main text since our last submission.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Sincerely,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Huw A. Ogilvie, Remco R. Bouckaert, and Alexei J Drummond.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Reviewers' comments:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Reviewer: 1}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Comments to the Author}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The paper \u8220\'93StarBEAST2 brings faster species tree inference and accurate estimates of substitution rates\u8221\'94, by Huw A. Ogilvie, Remco R. Bouckaert and Alexei J. Drummond, presents StarBEAST2, an upgrade to the widely-used species tree reconstruction program *BEAST. StarBEAST2 achieves speeds one order of magnitude faster than *BEAST while keeping similar levels of accuracy. To achieve this, the authors improved both computation speed (states/time) and integration efficiency (ESSs/time) thanks to the optimization of core routines, the analytical integration of a nuisance parameter (population size) and the inclusion of new operators that change gene and species tree at the same time (inspired by Jones (2016)). Moreover, the authors also integrated new species tree relaxed clocks, which in despite of not improving the computation speed or integration efficiency, allow to estimate species-specific substitution rates. The authors not only present the new implementation and describe the new methodologies, but also validate StarBEAST2 by means of a simulation study. Moreover, they also conduct simulation studies to characterize the relative effect in speed and convergence of the different methodological innovations and to compare its reconstruction accuracy against concatenation and *BEAST. Finally, they also analyze real datasets of different sizes, showing how the increase in speed is not only important by itself, but it also allows researchers to use bigger datasets (therefore improving the accuracy).  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I have not only reviewed the paper but also the software, using it with my own simulated datasets. While I cannot comment yet on the improvements in speed and accuracy, I do confirm that the program works as expected and is extremely easy to install and use in different platforms (MacOsX and Linux). }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I consider that both paper and program comply with the high standard required to be published in Molecular Biology and Evolution. Moreover, I do consider that this paper will constitute a big step forward in the field of species tree reconstruction methods and all related scientific branches.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I should clarify that I did not participate as a reviewer in the previous versions of the paper. Therefore, I tried to review it both from scratch and to judge the appropriateness of the response to the previous reviewers. Attending to this, I do think that the authors made a good effort increasing the size of their datasets (both simulated and real data). It is true that StarBEAST2 could be benchmarked against a larger number of methods, in a much broader parameter space and attending to many different aspects of the species tree reconstruction accuracy, and I am sure this will be eventually done. Nevertheless, I do think that the authors did more than enough to validate their new software, characterize the novelties and show that the big improvement in speed is not accompanied by a reduction in reconstruction accuracy. However, they did not include the information on binning-based approaches in the introduction, which I think would be positive.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We thank Dr Mallo for their constructive and thorough review of our papers and revisions. In the previous revision we obliquely mentioned na\u239\'efve binning as follows:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Summary methods can use gene trees estimated by *BEAST for more accurate results and to avoid the recombination ratchet (Zimmermann et al., 2014), but the resulting species trees still cannot be used for molecular dating.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We have amended this portion of the introduction to now explicitly refer to both na\u239\'efve and statistical binning:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
To avoid the recombination ratchet, summary methods can use na\u239\'efvely binned subsets of gene trees estimated by *BEAST (Zimmermann et al., 2014), or statistically binned subsets of genes trees estimated by concatenation (Mirarab et al., 2014b). Statistical binning has been criticized as statistically inconsistent (Liu and Edwards, 2015), and for either binning method the resulting species trees still cannot be used for molecular dating.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Despite my general positive key, I still have some comments on the paper. Please, find them below. I will refer to lines with the format page,ColumnLineFrom-lineTo:. For example, p3,l25-32: would mean page 3, lines from 25 to 32 of the left column.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
General comments:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-Throughout both abstract and introduction, ASTRAL is depicted as a MSC summary method. Nevertheless, I would say that ASTRAL should be classified as a heuristic method that aims to minimize the reconstructed species tree and gene tree topologies \u8211\'96since it reconstructs the species tree that maximizes the number of shared induced quartet trees with the gene trees\u8211\'96 and it is not actually based on the MSC model, in contrast with other methods like GLASS, STEAC, SD, MAC, STAR, NJst, STELLS, MP-EST and the like. It is true that it is statistically consistent under the multi-species coalescent model, though, and therefore this is not utterly wrong, either.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We now more accurately describe ASTRAL as a summary quartet method statistically consistent with the MSC. }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Concatenation, MP-EST, ASTRAL and SVDquartets are now all referred to as heuristic methods because they trade off accuracy and completeness for computational performance, the definition of \u8220\'93heuristic\u8221\'94. For example in}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 the abstract, \u8220\'93summary MSC methods like ASTRAL\u8221\'94 becomes \u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
heuristics}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
directly motivated by}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 the MSC\u8221\'94. In the 2}{\super\rtlch \ltrch\loch
nd}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 paragraph of the introduction \u8220\'93use alternative MSC methods which are based on summary statistics instead of sequence alignments\u8221\'94 becomes \u8220\'93use }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
heuristic}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 methods statistically consistent with the MSC\u8221\'94. The }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
paragraph}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
in}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 the introduction which originally read as follows:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
As an alternative to concatenation, MSC methods which use summary statistics instead of sequence alignments have been developed for use with phylogenomic data. Popular summary methods include MP-EST and ASTRAL (Liu et al., 2010; Mirarab et al., 2014), but recent results show that MP-EST should be used with caution as it is sensitive to gene tree errors (Mirarab and Warnow, 2015; Xi et al., 2015). At low levels of ILS, MP-EST is less accurate than likelihood-based or neighbor-joining concatenation at inferring topologies, and even at high levels of ILS it may be no more accurate than concatenation (Ogilvie et al., 2016). While other methods like ASTRAL may be more reliable than MP-EST, summary MSC methods estimate branch lengths in coalescent units instead of substitutions. Molecular-clock informed divergence times therefore cannot be reconstructed using summary methods. }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
If concatenation is used to estimate branch lengths or divergence times for a fixed species tree topology estimated using a summary method, then those estimates will be unreliable for the same reasons as pure concatenation.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
has been rewritten as:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
As an alternative to concatenation for use with phylogenomic data, heuristic methods which do not perform phylogenetic likelihood calculations but are statistically consistent with the MSC have been developed. These include summary methods which utilise distributions of estimated gene tree topologies as input, such as the rooted triplet method MP-EST (Liu et al., 2010) and the quartet method ASTRAL (Mirarab et al., 2014a). Another quartet method is SVDquartets, which utilises single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) matrices (Chifman and Kubatko, 2014). Recent results show that MP-EST should be used with caution as it is sensitive to gene tree errors (Mirarab and Warnow, 2015; Xi et al., 2015). At low levels of ILS, MP-EST is less accurate than likelihood-based or neighbour-joining concatenation at inferring topologies, and even at high levels of ILS it may be no more accurate than concatenation (Ogilvie et al., 2016). No available heuristic method is both statistically consistent and can infer branch lengths in substitution or calendar units. Therefore heuristic methods cannot be reliably used to estimate divergence times. If concatenation is used to estimate branch lengths or divergence times for a species tree topology estimated by another heuristic method, then those estimates will be unreliable for the same reasons as pure concatenation.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-I think that the implementation of the analytical integration of population sizes is not detailed enough. Despite having been already implemented in BEST, the cited paper (Liu et al. 2008) does not explain the implementation either.  This could be added either in the main manuscript or in the supplementary material.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The implementation of analytical integration is described in detail by Graham Jones in the STACEY paper. We have added \u8220\'93and is described in detail by (Jones, 2016)\u8221\'94 to the description of analytical integration in StarBEAST2.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-In figure 5 I have noticed that ST-UCLN is the best performing starBEAST2 clock model attending to RF distances and the worst attending to relative species tree error. This seems somehow contra-intuitive and may reflect that species tree clocks improve substitution rate reconstruction accuracy with the cost of reducing species tree branch length reconstruction accuracy. I would like to know your opinion on this. If I am right, it could be worth it to mention it in the paper, since I expect a number of researchers being more interested in the estimation of species tree branches than rates.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Our original Figure 5 described the accuracy averaged over a posterior sample. However users of Bayesian methods like StarBEAST2 are typically interested in the accuracy of point estimates, and in the coverage of credible intervals and credible sets. This has prompted us to now consider both the accuracy and coverage of branch length point estimates and credible intervals made using the common ancestor heights method. This new more detailed treatment of the data and use of boxplots (see below) shows that species tree relaxed clocks are just as accurate as strict clock for branch length estimation, but have better credible intervals. We have rewritten our results and discussion of StarBEAST2 accuracy to consider accuracy and coverage separately, and following the reviewer\u8217\'92s suggestion have included the following text:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Using a species tree relaxed clock with StarBEAST2 improved the coverage of branch length credible intervals (Figure 5A,B), but even when using a strict clock most simulated tip and internal branch lengths were within the corresponding credible intervals. This suggests that a strict clock model may be sufficient for studies using StarBEAST2 where substitution rate variation is not of direct interest.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Species tree topology }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
coverage}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 and }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
accuracy}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 is now visualized in Figure 6 and described in a new subsection, \u8220\'93Species tree topology }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
coverage}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 and }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
accuracy}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-Figure 5. I think that the trimmed mean may be seen as a way of hiding results that are worse for startBEAST2 when using the full data. I encourage the authors to add another version of the same plots using the untrimmed mean to the supplementary material. Moreover, showing the distribution of errors with violin plots (maybe with inscribed box-plots) would be more informative than bar plots (and would eliminate the \u8220\'93need\u8221\'94 of trimming the mean).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We now use box plots for Figure 5 instead of bar charts. Actually the use of trimmed mean was overly generous towards concatenation, as it removed outliers with large branch length errors. We now use the sum of tip branch lengths rather than calculating the bias separately at each tip, as the bias }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
when averaged over each tip }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
could be extraordinarily high for replicates with one or more very short tip branches. These were excluded by the trimmed mean but would dominate any box plot.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The new Figure 6 }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
uses circles and error bars}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 because coverage for topologies is either 100% or 0% for any replicate, so a box plot would not be a useful way to visualize this data.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-The lack of reproducibility is \u8211\'96at least in my opinion\u8211\'96 one of the current biggest problems in science. As in silico researchers we have it really easy to solve this problem. I encourage you to share with the community the scripts you have used to carry out this study.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We agree wholeheartedly, and will share the scripts used in our study through GitHub.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Typos and minor comments attending to the manuscript:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-I find the first sentence of the abstract quite weird. I would say that the MSC is a model and therefore it does not reconstruct anything. Methods that implement it are used to reconstruct species trees from a set of genes, though.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
have reworded and condensed the first sentence to read}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 \u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Fully Bayesian multispecies coalescent (MSC) methods like *BEAST estimate species trees from multiple sequence alignments.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-p3, 25-32r: I find this sentence too long and difficult to follow.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
See below (same sentence).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-p3, l25-31: \u8220\'93[\u8230\'85] substitutions on a discordant gene tree branch which has no corresponding species tree branch must be explained by multiple substitutions on different species tree branches.\u8221\'94 I find this sentence hard to understand. All gene tree branches map to a species tree branch, therefore the sentence \u8220\'93which has not corresponding species tree branch\u8221\'94 is wrong.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We have split }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
up}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 original sentence, and have attempted to explain the concept of SPILS }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
in a clearer and more precise fashion}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Incomplete lineage sorting (ILS) also causes systematic errors in estimated branch lengths when using concatenation. When a gene tree topology is discordant with the species tree topology, then the gene tree will contain one or more branches that define splits not occurring in the species tree. If a substitution occurs on one of these discordant gene tree branches, the resulting site pattern would define a homoplasy on the species tree, implying multiple substitutions.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-p9,l29-32: I would add a word to relax the statement. While it is true that the mean/general trend of A and B is to overestimate the substitution rate, it is not true for all replicates or not in such clear way (compared with E for example).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We now say \u8220\'93some\u8221\'94 other branches.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-p10,l42: \u8220\'93Pseudacris chorus frogs have intermediate coalescent branch lengths\u8221\'94: I would argue that this header does not really summarize the main idea the section communicates. I would say something in the lines of: Datasets used to characterize the new methodological approaches.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We thank the reviewer for their suggested subheading which we now use.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-p14: I would say that convergence rates in natural scale are much easier to picture than in logscale.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Using a natural scale for Figure 3 makes differences between slower rates (say <10) impossible to distinguish, so we believe the log scale should not be changed.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-p18,l27: I would add that in the Github repository there are also a couple of tutorials available. They were very useful to me to clarify the difference between clock rates and substitution rates in StarBEAST2.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We now mention that multiple tutorials are available on GitHub in the conclusion.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-I think it would be worth it to state somewhere in the manuscript that it is not possible to combine ST relaxed clocks + gene tree relaxed clocks in the current StarBEAST2 implementation. People interested in estimating gene-by-lineage interactions may try to use such a model.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We have added the following text to the description of species tree relaxed clocks, in the New Approaches section:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The current species tree relaxed clock implementation estimates \u8212\'97 separately for each species tree branch \u8212\'97 a single relative rate. However it is possible to imagine a further relaxed model that estimates \u8212\'97 again separately for each species tree branch \u8212\'97 hyperparameters for a prior distribution on substitution rates. This would enable gene tree branch rates to be guided by the species tree, but still allow some difference in response between genes.\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Minor comments attending to the software:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-Would it not be possible to automatically deactivate the option \u8220\'93Mode->Automatic set clock rate\u8221\'94 when loading the StarBEAST2 template in BEAUti? (Or use a pop-up window to encourage the user to do it?) Otherwise, I would say that a lot of people will set up their xml input files with wrong models.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Following the reviewer\u8217\'92s suggestion, we have automatically disabled this setting in newer versions of StarBEAST2 (v0.13.3 and later).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
General suggestions: }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
-I personally dislike grey backgrounds in plots. They do not add any information and only constitute an extra amount of ink spent per printed plot. I would suggest to use the R package Cowplot to modify the default theme of ggplot2. Of course, this only reflects my personal taste and can be disregarded by the authors.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
We now use cowplot to improve the readability of all plots in the manuscript.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I hope you find my comments helpful, and do not hesitate to contact me if you need any further information on my comments:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch
            }{\cf17\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Diego M.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe1081\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Again we would like to thank Dr Mallo for their review.}
\par }